capital = 893
primary_culture = turkish
culture = armenian
culture = kurdish
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
nationalvalue = nv_order
plurality = 0
literacy = 0.28
prestige = 10

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = AZB_liberal
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 9
	conservative = 87
	reactionary = 4
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
malthusian_thought = 1

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

